{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red225\green179\blue88;\red32\green32\blue32;\red153\green168\blue186;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c88235\c70196\c34510;\csgenericrgb\c12549\c12549\c12549;\csgenericrgb\c60000\c65882\c72941;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 ESSENTIAL
\b0 \

\i Citation network\
	just link\
STTP Analysis\
	screen shot of 2x3, link to repo
\i0 \

\i Polymer\
	link to company website
\i0 \

\i Dynamic graph \
	Add link to GitHub, publish w/ gh-pages
\i0 \

\i Social dance\
	(same link as resume)
\i0 \

\i Title IX vis\
	link to repos, emphasize research aspect
\i0 \
\ul Add Pandas to my resume?\ulnone \
\
\

\b NICE TO HAVE
\b0 \
[Tidy up Citation Network]\
Gospel Vis\
Teaching D3\
Gifs from Creative Cupboard\
Cotopaxi book\
[Everything in GIFs]\
\
\
\
md `## Reported offenses span the entire university, but involve Undergraduates predominantly and disproportionally`\
\
\

\b For demo
\b0 \
For decades, the field of psychology did basically one thing: find super sick and traumatized people and treat them as problems to be solved.\
\
Then, in at the turn of the second millennia, something incredible happened.\
\
Psychologist Martin Siligmen realized the negative ailments he studied were learned, and that positive behaviors could also be learned. Could psychology shine a light on the causes of human thriving, not just struggle? Then he became president of American Psychology Association.\
\
What happens next is the birth of Positive Psychology, a field where astounding insight has emerged on mental health, wellness, and happiness. Yet, very few people know of it, or can access it.\
\

\b For website caption
\b0 \
<p>For decades, the field of psychology did basically one thing: find super sick and traumatized people and treat them as problems to be solved. Then, in at the turn of the second millennia, something incredible happened.</p>\
\
<p>Psychologist Martin Siligmen realized many of the negative ailments he studied were learned, and that positive behaviors could also be learned. Could psychology shine a light on the causes of human thriving, not just struggle?\
\
What happens next is the birth of Positive Psychology, a field where astounding insight has emerged on mental health, wellness, and happiness. Yet, very few people know of it, or can access it.\
\
I worked with mental health professionals, researchers, and educators to create a tool which allows practitioners to understand the growth and connection between the 19 most influential researchers in the field.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 <p>\cf4 For decades, psychology did basically one thing: try to fix super sick and traumatized people. Then, in at the turn of the second millennia, \cf2 <b>\cf4 something incredible happened.\cf2 </b></p>\
\
<p>\cf4 Psychologist Martin Siligmen realized many of the negative behaviours he studied were learned, and asked himself:\
  \cf2 <b>\cf4 Could psychology help people learn to \cf2 <i>\cf4 thrive\cf2 </i>\cf4 , as well?\cf2 </b></p>\
\
  <p>\cf4 What happens next is the birth of Positive Psychology, a field where astounding insight has emerged on mental health, wellness, and happiness.\
Yet, very few people know of the field, let alone navigate it.\cf2 </p>\
\
}